---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: "I've always had a knack for helping people with their technology. Most of my primary education took place during that glorious time when teachers were transitioning from overhead projectors to laptops and smartboards. I was always the one to help out as they worked to navigate this brave new world. If there's one thing I learned from all of that, it's the need for intuitive systems."
datePublished: '2016-05-01T23:13:05.875Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-01T23:06:43.403Z'
title: My Story
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-01-my-story.md
published: true
url: my-story/index.html
_type: Article

---
# My Story

I've always had a knack for helping people with their technology. Most of my primary education took place during that glorious time when teachers were transitioning from overhead projectors to laptops and smartboards. I was always the one to help out as they worked to navigate this brave new world. If there's one thing I learned from all of that, _it's the need for intuitive systems._

I began dabbling with Excel-based solutions when I was seven. I started programming in earnest while serving as an armorer in the United States Marine Corps Reserves. At the time, my aim was to create a usable digital system to replace the paperwork required to issue Marines their weapons. My successes there led to software that increased shop efficiency by 400% in actual measured tests and is under review by the Office of Naval Research for Corps-wide implementation.

In 2014, the Marine Corps recognized my contributions by awarding me the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, one of the highest non-combat medals that can be awarded to a reservist. I'm under consideration for a second, as well.

For the past several years, the daily gig has been working as a programmer---among other things---for the Biola University library in Los Angeles, where we track 300,000 physical materials, 100,000 user-days annually, and four dozen student workers. We have nearly a dozen custom solutions I've developed---which are now finding their way to other universities around the country---and I provide complete documentation and user training.

> I'm motivated by the joy I find in problem solving. Given my affinity for technology, my work with computer systems has always kept me engaged. From the simplest bug fix to complex coding algorithms, I enjoy every second of what I do---making technology work, simply. 

In all of my software development, I have sought to create ever more intuitive systems for the end-user; in my web development, I have made it my goal to help businesses, non-profits, and other organizations access the rather limitless resource that is the internet with relative ease and high production value.