---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: |

datePublished: '2016-05-01T23:13:05.909Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-01T23:01:50.383Z'
title: Projects
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-01-projects.md
published: true
url: projects/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Projects

## Here's just a small sampling of the projects I have worked on.

**AIMS**

Armory Information Management System (AIMS) fulfilled the need for a database-driven weapons issuance system for United States Marine Corps armories. Think library check-in/check-out system, but with guns instead of books.

**Roster Generator**

A Windows-based application for generating a roster based on scanned military ID's used for recording attendance at Marine Corps reserve units. It is being fitted out on hardware for field durability, where it can also generate meal rosters and training records.

**CRMSON**

Circulation Records Management System on Network is an Access database solution with a substantial amount of back end programming using the Visual Basic for Applications tools native to Microsoft Office. This solution provides the Biola University Library Circulation Department with a variety of statistics regarding student worker task completion (i.e., books shelved, books used, etc.) as well as a training module that provides supervisors with an overview of training statistics and progress for the department.

**Guest database**

The guest database is an Excel database which I designed for the Biola University library to allow quick entry of guests by scanning the 2-D barcode on their driver's license or state-ID. The database also accepts manual input for guests without a driver's license or state-ID.

**PCTR**

Patron Count Tablet Reporting (PCTR) is a system I developed for the Biola University library in order to do a rapid hourly survey of patron building use with data broken down into zones and usage type. PCTR is deployed on touch-enabled tablet computers student workers can carry---counting---throughout the entire three floors. This is an Excel-based solution to facilitate data management.

**Barcode generator**

One of the most algorithmically complex projects I've been involved in, this solution is a plugin for the AIMS software, generating 2-D barcodes representing more than 1,000 unique items stored in a Marine Corps armory and those items' relationship with the Marines to whom they are issued. These barcodes allow for rapid tracking of items on-hand, deployed, and evacuated out of the armory for maintenance. Complexity, propriety, and security required that we literally build a Data-Matrix Code type barcode generator from the ground up.

**Christian Action Asia**

Website management for the non-profit group Christian Action Asia, a ministry working with orphans and disabled children on the Tibetan Plateau.  
[http://christianactionasia.org][0]

**Osborn Pacific Group Inc.**

Website redesign for the Seattle-based landscape architecture firm Osborn Pacific Group. If you're wondering about the relationship it's my mother's company.  
[http://osbornpacific.com][1]

  


[0]: http://christianactionasia.org/
[1]: http://osbornpacific.com/